    USER STORIES
->a key component of agile software development.
->short, simple descriptions of a feature or functionality from the perspective of a user
->to capture requirements in an agile project and help the development team understand the 
  needs and expectations of the users.
  
  Characteristics
1.User-centric
2.Simple
3.Independent
4.Negotiable
5.Testable
6.Iterative
7.Role-based
8.Traceable

  PATTERN
->Role-Feature-Benefit pattern
->As a [ type of user ], I want [ an action ], so that [ some reason ]
->"As a [persona]": Who are we building this for? We’re not just after a job title, 
  we’re after the persona of the person. Max. Our team should have a 
  shared understanding of who Max is. We’ve hopefully interviewed plenty of Max’s. 
  We understand how that person works, how they think and what they feel. 
  We have empathy for Max.
->“Wants to”: Here we’re describing their intent — not the features they use. 
  What is it they’re actually trying to achieve? This statement should be 
  implementation free — if you’re describing any part of the UI and not 
  what the user goal is you're missing the point.
->“So that”: how does their immediate desire to do something this fit into 
  their bigger picture? What’s the overall benefit they’re trying to achieve? 
  What is the big problem that needs solving?
->EX:As Max, I want to invite my friends, so we can enjoy this service together.
->EX: As a manager, I want to be able to understand my colleagues progress, 
  so I can better report our sucess and failures. 
  
  WRITING 
->INVEST Principle of User story
->INVEST principle which expresses the quality of the user story because in base 
  a good software product is completely dependent upon a good user story

1.Independent – Not dependent on other.
2.Negotiable –Includes the important avoid contract.
3.Valuable –Provide value to customer.
4.Estimable –It should be estimated.
5.Small –It should be simple and small not complex.
6.Testable –It should be evaluated by pre-written acceptance criteria.

->3 C’s in User Stories
1)Card –Write stories on cards, prioritize, estimate and schedule it accordingly.
2)Conversation –Conduct conversations, Specify the requirements and bring clarity.
3)Confirmation –Meet the acceptance criteria of the software.

  USER STORY EX FOR WEBSITE:

->User story examples for login
1.As a user, I want an option to stay logged in, so that I don’t have to enter my credentials every time.
2.As a user, I want to be able to reset my password if I forget it, so that I can regain access to my account.
3.As a user, I want to see an error message if I enter incorrect login details, 
  so that I know when my login attempt has failed.

->User story examples for registration
1.As a user, I want to log in via my social media accounts, so that I can quickly access the platform 
  without creating a new account.
2.As a new user, I want to choose my own username and password during registration, 
  so that I can personalize my login credentials.
3.As a new user, I want to provide my basic information during registration, 
such as name and date of birth, so that I can personalize my profile.
